Minister of Criminal Affairs Cai Yong
He is the champion of the late emperor Qindian
literary talent
Prime Minister, what do you think?
Can Zuo Du Jade Li Chunshan
He is the prime minister's right-hand man
I guess it's a talent
Your Majesty, I have little talent and learning
Hard to do
shallow learning
Then how did you become the governor and governor?
It's not the official who bought it, is it?
I am more willing to fight than to fight
Is that right?
There are two people who are better than me
The minister of learning and wealth
I'm afraid you won't make it
I will do my best
Live up to the trust
Five games in total
There are only two of you.
Two people are enough for you
However, to be fair
I and my two beloved concubines
Decided to join
This dim lord is so playful
Treat the contempt of the two countries as a game
Be serious
Seriously, I am the Son of Heaven
Words speak the essence
Greater than the emperor
Do you dare to add horses?
Sure. What are the stakes?
Gambling with life, the losing side allows the winning side to take a hundred steps
Hey, is this fun?
I really like it. Let's get started
I can't wait anymore.
What's wrong with your teacher in the first game?
We sent Master David with a stomachache.
So much love
You have the talent of the champion
Want to write a monument
This first round is up to you to travel
Your Majesty's subjects
Why are you the champion?
I will also be afraid of the stomach pain of that unknown reputation
His Majesty's stomachache is David's poet
Poetry crowns Kyushu
I don't think I'm a match for the poet
Since you admit defeat
Then buy it with your life
Stop it. It's bigger than the border.
Que Ruoer and others kill innocent people indiscriminately
willing to admit defeat
heavy rain
you
lost